Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in the last lecture, we created this functional quadratic image, and we said we want to be able
to pick images from our gallery.
Then over here, we said if the user actually picked an image that we want time, it says to the user,
we says, Congratulations, your image has been uploaded.
Okay, now over here we created a variable, a global variable called what is called picked image,
which is the private variable.
Okay.
Now also we're out.
It's with.
Here's the reason for this are as is so is going to list ten for the whole that to make into the image
probably we picked the wrong image or selected the wrong image and we want to pick another.
So this is going to list in for the change of the picked image.
Okay, great.
Now over here.
We simply use the global variable which we created this record on.
It's called Picked Image.
Then we said is equal to the errors which are listed for the changes that make it to the image that
all the data three time.
Then over here we pass this phi.
Because it's your type of fire, right?
Then over here, remember, this is a variable.
Right.
This is a variable.
Then we said we want to pick image from the gallery.
So over here we said pict image standards part not to get the part of that image.
So by doing this, we have the pict image and the global frame record of a quality image.
Then what are they doing over the sign of page?
What we simply did remember.
Over here, we have this bike on bottom, which is just over here.
So we said when this is clicked, it's going to trigger that peak image function we created in the hot
controller.
Right.
Is going to trigger it then as well.
Over.
Are you?
We are using the past to develop doubts toward the Pict image.
I remember because we are using it.
We are using a private function, unable to get hold of that private function.
So what we simply did was to override it by using the, by creating a variable.
By creating a variable card profile footer, we use a narrow function.
So we are saying this, this goes to this.
So automatically the value of that image is in this variable.
Okay.
Hopefully you understand this.
But if you do understand this is this line.
What I believe as the process goes, you're going to get feeds of everything.
Okay.
Now, what I'm going to do now is to try this out over a very, very strong network.
So now I'm going to click on this.
So one click on this is going to trigger this function and I want to be able to pick image from the
gallery.
So click on this.
Okay.
Now go to a gallery so we can take this image now is going to return this conversation.
All your image has been.
Your image has been uploaded.
Okay.
Because we had picked on image.
So now for the user name we can use.
First of all, we can just click on register to see what is going to happen.
Okay.
Now you can see since it is now, since we don't have any value, since the email and the password,
the image is empty.
So it's going to skip this spot.
Then we time the has.
Part we say is error or create an account.
That is the title.
Please enter all field so you can see that is what you just did.
Okay.
Now what we can well do, we can actually pick a user name.
We can set a test.
Just use a.
Okay for the email because.
But leave from others by saying test.
User.
Then the password.
Make sure as long is going to use this zero.
I think we also need to hide this password.
The economy is the.
PJ Mark?
Yes.
This.
Okay.
Great.
Now I want to click on Register.
Then to get rid of this election register.
Okay.
So you can see the error.
So you're starting to see our.
Our image is badly formatted.
Mobile while you are using it, try as well.
Okay.
So you're saying we our team is badly.
Formatted.
So now what you can.
So for that.
So now what you can do is.
Well at its user we can hard to heart Gmail dot com.
Okay.
Now we're going to click on now.
Register.
Okay.
On register, you can see we've got no hair.
So this went successful.
So now what you can do, we can click on.
Go to the site and it's a key.
You can see where they are with the.
Okay.
Good.
I've done it before, so I have one.
Okay.
You can see everything the way.
Okay, guys.
See in this picture.